# ATVA2024
Quantitative finance is an important field of modern finance. This paper deploys a hybrid serial network to explore potential credit card customers and reveal their fraud risks on a novel China mobile-financial dataset. In our pipeline, the dataset was labeled by the histogram of monthly Application usage to three types: low, intermediate and high frequency. There are two stages in our network. The first stage is made by LightGBM, XGBoost and CatBoost. They extract features on the preprocessed dataset, and their results will concatenate the preprocessed data as input for the second stage -- TabNet. However, directly utilizing these predicted results is not very well. Therefore, drawing inspiration from fine-grained image classification techniques, we performed a fine-grained classification on those hard samples whose prediction results are all false in the first stage. This classification uses the same models and obtains three new features by replacing the corresponding original results. With the help of these new features, our network generated excellent results. The average results of 5-fold cross-validation are 92.70% (validation) and 93.97% (test). Compared to naive TabNet 61.88% (validation), 61.74% (test) and other classic models, there are at least 12.32% (validation) and 13.04% (test) improvements. Finally, we constructed a fraud risk detection function based on the classification results. Its shows the low frequency usage users have the highest risk. Overall, our new architecture can find potential credit card customers, and provide a new method for fraud risk detection
